or not
[Music]
hello very good everyone today I bring you the
game endow 2 is a game type lol very
interesting and the suit was sticking
very strong and it came out of payment and now what
have done free so we're going to
seize the moment to play
We need the steam if you do not have an account
I'll explain how it is and I also have a
video that tells you exactly how
install it I would put it below
we started going into steam
the name of the account
if you do not have an account of shakira that
they realize that the following account
next the king e mais this I will send
a mail
to your email
you have to confirm it and once
you have confirmed you can enter this
so
we start session
ok what we would have to do is
we come to store
or we put here in the search engine 22
click
here he puts me out now because I already
I have it installed let's go buy
or download voucher you give not you
worry then if you put buy that is
a bus that has but works
and we had the mythical game system of
valve
that never ceases to amaze us
we give you a little
once a little bit the pedals but
let's go fast this
we did not have the presentation
this is the tutorial I advise you
you do it so that you go testing what
I 'm going to see how the keys go
and else
then it also has a shop but to me what
What I like about this game is that
they sell objects for example a sword or
levels and such is very equipped with the
People who pay and do not pay only people
that you pay you earned visualizations and little
more so the pvp is very interesting
you have here the shop here offers
of the day the updates and other
here are the tournaments
and here is play
once you pass the tutorial you will see
here the departure of
to play tournaments with 3 against 3 5
against 5 duels against friends and others
so let's see the tutorial here I
explain a bit how the models like
you want to play I'm going to put this
way
and that everyone 's taste
loading
we go
I'm still not doing anything
in the presentation
works
the tutorials that has nothing to do
with what is the game itself
the game is pure pvp 3 against 3 5 against
5 Nothing
of missions and you're here tells you what
you have to do is follow the
tutorial at the beginning so the
movements and then I'll start at
battle tutorial
Well nothing but you like this game
if you like to like me and if you like
subscribe that you know that you are going to have
many more games
many more videos so see you
the next videos to another
[Music]